src/content/blog/using-mdx.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Using MDX'
description: 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet'
pubDate: 'Jun 01 2024'
heroImage: '/blog-placeholder-5.jpg'
---

This theme comes with the [@astrojs/mdx](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/) integration installed and configured in your `astro.config.mjs` config file. If you prefer not to use MDX, you can disable support by removing the integration from your config file.

## Why MDX?

MDX is a special flavor of Markdown that supports embedded JavaScript & JSX syntax. This unlocks the ability to [mix JavaScript and UI Components into your Markdown content](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/markdown-content/#mdx-features) for things like interactive charts or alerts.

If you have existing content authored in MDX, this integration will hopefully make migrating to Astro a breeze.

## Example

Here is how you import and use a UI component inside of MDX.  
When you open this page in the browser, you should see the clickable button below.

import HeaderLink from '../../components/HeaderLink.astro';

<HeaderLink href="#" onclick="alert('clicked!')">
	Embedded component in MDX
</HeaderLink>

## More Links

- [MDX Syntax Documentation](https://mdxjs.com/docs/what-is-mdx)
- [Astro Usage Documentation](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/markdown-content/#markdown-and-mdx-pages)
- **Note:** [Client Directives](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/directives-reference/#client-directives) are still required to create interactive components. Otherwise, all components in your MDX will render as static HTML (no JavaScript) by default.

Commit message:

content(blog): add category and tags metadata to all articles

src/content/blog/using-mdx.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Using MDX'
description: 'Learn how to use MDX for interactive content with embedded JavaScript and JSX components'
pubDate: 'Jun 01 2024'
heroImage: '/blog-placeholder-5.jpg'
author: 'KF13 Dev Team'
category: 'Tutorial'
tags: ['mdx', 'javascript', 'astro', 'interactive']
featured: false
---

This theme comes with the [@astrojs/mdx](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/) integration installed and configured in your `astro.config.mjs` config file. If you prefer not to use MDX, you can disable support by removing the integration from your config file.

## Why MDX?

MDX is a special flavor of Markdown that supports embedded JavaScript & JSX syntax. This unlocks the ability to [mix JavaScript and UI Components into your Markdown content](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/markdown-content/#mdx-features) for things like interactive charts or alerts.

If you have existing content authored in MDX, this integration will hopefully make migrating to Astro a breeze.

## Example

Here is how you import and use a UI component inside of MDX.  
When you open this page in the browser, you should see the clickable button below.

import HeaderLink from '../../components/HeaderLink.astro';

<HeaderLink href="#" onclick="alert('clicked!')">
	Embedded component in MDX
</HeaderLink>

## More Links

- [MDX Syntax Documentation](https://mdxjs.com/docs/what-is-mdx)
- [Astro Usage Documentation](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/markdown-content/#markdown-and-mdx-pages)
- **Note:** [Client Directives](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/directives-reference/#client-directives) are still required to create interactive components. Otherwise, all components in your MDX will render as static HTML (no JavaScript) by default.
